Update docker.md (#319)
directus/docs: installation/docker.md

      - mysql:mysql
```

> All the environment variables here : https://docs.directus.io/docker/environment.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tip  
For a full overview of all available environment variables, go to [Docker Environment Overview](/docker/environment.html).
:::
```
